Update monkey tutorial to latest RaCo 0.9.2 (#15)
COVESA/ramses-composer-docs: monkey/manual.md

You can edit the shader in your editor of choice, and as soon as the file is saved, the Composer will
reload its uniforms (or display syntax errors when there are such).

In this example, all monkey meshes share the same material (i.e. changing its properties affects all of them). If you want
that each monkey receives its own (different) material instance, you can either create three distinct material objects,
or toggle the `private material` property in the MeshNode settings:

![](./docs/private_material.png)

Activating this option creates a separate instance of the Material assigned only to the given MeshNode.

Now what about the geometry properties?
If you inspect the MonkeyMesh resource, you will notice that it also has `Normals` in addition to its vertex positions:

![](./docs/monkey_mesh.png)

Looking at the [vertex shader](./shaders/phong.vert) you can notice that it uses normal information via the *a_Normal* attribute variable. How does the Ramses Composer know how to link mesh attributes to shader attribute variables? We have a [dedicated section](../conventions/manual.md#attributes) which explains how to use mesh properties in vertex shaders. In this example, we need

> the mesh normals in order to compute the ligting of the monkey heads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the mesh normals in order to compute the lighting of the monkey heads.
```

to interact with other scripts and Ramses objects.
If you are new to Lua, we recommend looking at the [getting started section of the official docs](https://www.lua.org/pil/1.html).
Don't worry - if you know any other scripting language, Lua is really easy to learn! If not, it's still quite easy.

Back to our example, the LightControl Lua script maps a set of static lights to a set of fixed directions,
and emulates disco-like light colors. Let's have a look how it does that.

Opening the script file, you will find two functions - an `interface()` and a `run()` function.
Ramses Composer expects to find these two functions in every Lua script.
The `interface()` method declares the expected inputs and the produced outputs of the script (note the IN and OUT global variables).
Those are the same you will see in the Property Browser under the `Inputs` and `Outputs` tabs respectively.

You can modify the input values and observe the output values changing according to the script logic.
For example, you can set `0`, `1` or `2` in the light_id field, and observe that the lighting of the monkeys changes. But why?

> First, the `run()` method of the Lua script is executed whenever any of the inputs changed and the outputsneed re-evaluating. In this example, the `run()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the `run()` method of the Lua script is executed whenever any of the inputs changed and the outputs need re-evaluating. In this example, the `run()`
```
